feat(resource): New lacework_vulnerability_exception_host (#248)
lacework/terraform-provider-lacework: website/docs/r/vulnerability_exception_host.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Vulnerability Exceptions"
layout: "lacework"
page_title: "Lacework: lacework_vulnerability_exception_host"

> description: |- Create and manage Lacework Vulnerability Exception Hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: |- Create and manage Lacework vulnerability exceptions for hosts
```

Author: Fixed

---

# lacework\_vulnerability\_exception\_host

> Use this resource to create a Lacework Host Vulnerability Exception.

Reviewer: Could we please elaborate more on this description?

Author: Added some additional description from the wip docs

## Example Usage

> #### Vulnerability Exception Host

Author: Fixed

```hcl
resource "lacework_vulnerability_exception_host" "example" {
  name = "My Vuln Exception"
  description = "This is a vulnerability host exception"
  enabled = true
  reason = "Accepted Risk"
  vulnerability_criteria {
    severities = ["critical"]
    cves = ["cve-2021-11111", "cve-2021-22222"]
    fixable = true
    package {
      name = "myPackage"
      version = "1.0.0"
    }
    package {
      name = "myOtherPackage"
      version = "1.0.0"
    }
  }
  resource_scope {
    hostnames = ["host1", "host2"]
    cluster_names = ["cluster1", "cluster2"]
    namespaces = ["namespace1", "namespace2"]
  }
  expiration_time = "2022-01-19T23:26:10.229Z"

> }

Reviewer: could we format this code?

Author: Fixed

* `reason` - (Optional) The list of the severities that the rule will apply. Valid severities include:
  `Accepted Risk`, `False Positive`, `Compensating Controls`, Fix Pending` and `Other`.
* `resource_scope` - (Optional) The resource scope. See [Resource Scope](#resource-scope) below for details.
* `expiration_time` - (Optional) The expiration of the vulnerability exception.
  
### Vulnerability Criteria

`vulnerability criteria` supports the following arguments:

* `severities` - (Optional) The list of the severities. Valid severities include:
  `Critical`, `High`, `Medium`, `Low` and `Info`.
* `cves` - (Optional) The list of the cves.
* `package` - (Optional) The list of the cves. See [Resource Scope](#resource-scope) below for details.
* `fixable` - (Optional) Whether to filter on fixable. Defaults to `false`.

### Resource Scope

`resource_scope` supports the following arguments:

* `hostnames` - (Optional) The list of hostnames.
* `external_ips` - (Optional) The list of external ips.
* `cluster_names` - (Optional) The list of cluster names.
* `namespaces` - (Optional) The list of namespaces.

## Import

> A Lacework Vulnerability Exception Host can be imported using a `GUID`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Lacework vulnerability exception for hosts can be imported using a `GUID`, e.g.
```

Author: Fixed
